skin infections are spreading at a crazy
rate amongst children in the tents and
amongst displaced
people I was displaced from K yunes and
now after the military operation
concluded there I'm going to go
back thank God I am happy that I
vaccinated my children against polio so
that they don't suffer from anything in
the future hopefully all the children
Gaza get vaccinated not only against
polio but with other vaccinations as
well my baby was born almost 3 kilos or
a little bit less she was weak because
there wasn't any nutrition for me as the
mother now I'm breastfeeding and there
still isn't enough nutrition because
everything is
expensive I was scared to give birth
during the war and thought it's
impossible but I gave birth and here she
is living through the war as well when I
gave birth I was worried if I will be
able to vaccinate her and
where I got worried in the beginning if
this vaccination was harmful or not but
I gathered the courage when I heard that
those children could get polio so I said
no it's better to take it than for them
to suffer complications in the
future we really don't want only
vaccines we want them to stop the war
let them stop the war every time I get
this place this is our biggest worry
especially for those who have children
when I flee and move I would be so
worried it is better for me to die than
to keep moving from one area to another
I have been displaced seven times I hope
we can stay in our homes without having
to move
around make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz
but